INTRODUCTION

This is Beyond Parity, a multiworld utility for vanilla FF6, FF6 randomizers, FF6 mods, and any cross-combination thereof. Beyond Parity currently has three options:

- Inventory: The inventory will be synced between all players in the session.
- Chests: Chests that have been opened will be synced between all players (hard).
- Statuses: Players that are in battle will sometimes send their status ailments to other players (chaotic).

Beyond Parity is still in beta so the behavior is expected to be very buggy! Caveat emptor!

SETUP

For now, you will need RetroArch and Python3 installed on your system to run Beyond Parity. RetroArch requires some additional setup to get running. Follow these instructions:

1. Install RetroArch 1.9 or above.
2. Within RetroArch, navigate to Settings -> User Interface -> Show Advanced Settings. Turn it on.
3. Navigate to Settings -> Network -> Network Commands (near the bottom). Turn it on.
    3a. The Network Command Port should be listed as "55355". Don't change it, Beyond Parity uses this port by default.
4. Install a "BSNES Mercury" core in RetroArch. It has to be Mercury, no other core will work.
    4a. On Windows, you may need to download the core manually from https://github.com/hunterk/libretro_builds/releases/download/Windows_64-bit/bsnes-mercury-bundle.zip . Unzip this to obtain a dll file, then load it with "Install or Restore a Core" inside of RetroArch.
    4b. On Linux, RetroArch's build system should have no problem building the core for you automatically.

I am currently running a test server for playtesters to connect to; the connection details are already in the default configuration file, so you only need to run the client to connect to it. To begin playing, follow these instructions:

1. Load up your game rom in RetroArch using the Mercury core.
2. Start the game and let it run until you obtain control over your character.
3. At this point, run the file "beyond_parity.py" in Python 3.
4. You should see a response from the server in your command prompt window. You are now connected to the session. Have fun!
